There a buyer of Abe's Hello appbank store Works meeting
Disappointment and change the atmosphere a little today
In the thing that conveys the attractiveness of the product with the pad tightly and briefly
How much I can tell the appeal of the products in I would like to try the role 90 seconds
by is absent
I'd like to try
Who's a little bit of hate is if he is to introduce what it has also been found
And I hate character jelly too
Ah
In the eighth place Sato Lifesaving Products Introduction
Say introduce the product and here of mathematical today
It is a case of the back part type of outdoor gear brand of Sweden What is this matter
Bet that either feature
Please semi-hard type booby
But Mr. it's there is a cushioning there is another birth of
There is no hardness, so I will protect the dama kid who is in the use of the gold accumulation and use
It is a product that
Let's get it up soon
The woman pass here is said to be a water stop fastener and the down list is
It's hanging, so I'm making it so that I won't get in again if I get in the way
In this side also I think that has been the Pepe-chan of course that 9 material era
It is not a number synthesis made of 4 kinds of materials , so it is not good if you put it on a list
I told you that it was raining at the cash register in the bag
The contents are like this I have an idea here
It is possible to use it from now on in the state that Egong is standing up well
I want to put in 10 military macbook pro here right away
think
4 It feels really good Let's start
Yes i feel like this
That's good It is very tough because the cushion is working
It's getting hotter already because I think I already think of this number
It is also convenient that you have decided on a poster that you can finally eat even if you drop it
is
Please check it out with this product pressure by all means through
If it is a standard in society
There is a House of appbank store buyer Thanks for watching
I will
Thank you for always shopping in the appbank store
Since there are both the Internet and a real store, thank you in advance from now on
And do you already registered you of by Achan'neru
If you click on the video title, the smartphone will appear
There is a red registration button so please register from there
See you in the next video